This broken car, let's give it a little shake.
Wave, wave, wave, wave, wave, wave, wave, wave, wave, wave, wave, wave, wave, wave, wave, wave, wave, wave, wave, wave, wave, wave, wave
Wave, wave, wave, wave, wave, wave, wave, wave, wave
We don't let dogs clean here
You kill too
I belong to everyone
Tengu is also a dog
Which of you is good?
It's just a dog for you to pay me.
I tell you
I am the young master Li Jiada
Come again
I'm looking for a secret
Don't move, I can't afford it
Easy to get upset
I just woke up for a moment
I have a bloody disaster today
How about he share this with Zhou Shen and me?
I just want to hear what you have to say
What kind of disaster do I have?
If what you say is wrong
The one who bleeds is you
It's hard to say in that
It’s shameful to write in the year
I'm afraid you will be embarrassed
Why do they talk so much in conversation?
To be precise
You want to come and play a code today
this is man
Are you willing to agree?
Old man today
I told you that sometimes I only go to you
Ask about this kind of hair